Well, good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight. We're going to
pray and sing a little bit.
I'll sing some songs or whatever the
Lord has on His heart for me to sing.
I woke up this morning singing a song
out of my sleep, so I figured this is
what He wanted to hear.
I told Diana, "You know, whenever it
happens—it
happens quite often—but this one, I
haven't heard this song in so long and
I couldn't believe it. I was
like, 'Well, that's really
cool.'"The
last video
was heavy, but I really feel in my
spirit we've made great ground
concerning praying for our president
and praying for our nation. I could feel
the shifting last night as we were
interceding for our leader,
and that makes me so happy. It felt so
good to feel that. For those
of you
familiar with what I'm talking
about—some
of you are just babies at
this, but some of you are
veterans—when
you get in that river of
prayer, you can feel the wall or you can
feel a flow. Sometimes you just keep
hitting that wall, hitting that
door until you have it open.
In
prayer, a lot of times
when
I'm interceding,
you can feel when other people are
pulling with you.
You can feel, in a corporate setting,
when other people are on the same
assignment as you in the Spirit. So,
whenever I'm praying
over our president and I'm praying over
this, it's almost
like
you're walking through mud, and you're
pulling and
trying so hard to gain ground.
You're grabbing and
clenching and pulling yourself up
out of it, and then all of a sudden,
you're on a slide.
You could
feel that last night as I was
interceding. We had times of prayer
here, and
I
want to tell you this:
faith is not a feeling, and prayer is not
a feeling. I'm not
moved by what I see; I'm not moved by
what I feel. I'm moved by what the
Word of God says, so don't always go by
a feeling. But whenever you get
sensitive to the things of the Spirit,
you will know what I'm talking about
more. There is a river, then there's
dry, and then it's like going
through mud. You can feel your toil in
the ground; it's pulling and
pulling. Last night
you
could feel that there's so many people
praying for President Trump and praying
for this nation. I was excited about
it. I believe the
fervent prayer of the righteous availeth
much—the
fervent, effectual prayer.
Honey,
find the scripture; I don't want to
misquote it. I
was looking at Proverbs 15:8:
"The prayer of the upright is His
delight."I
believe tonight, as we
pray for our president
and
our nation, the prayer of the
upright is His delight. Isn't that
wonderful? I love that;
He delights in it.
James 5:16: "The effectual
fervent prayer of a righteous man
availeth
much."The
fervent, effectual prayer of the
righteous availeth much.
We're getting the job done.
I really believe that's what God has
called and assigned us to do
for such a time as this.
The effectual fervent prayer of a
righteous man availeth much.
And that's who we are.
Braden's grinning at
me;
I get
tongue-tied.
All glory to Jesus. Isn't that
wonderful? I believe that's what
we're doing and we'll continue to do
all throughout 2026 and the rest of
this year, praying over what I believe
the Lord has shown us through prayer.
We're
praying over these major events
where
I believe we have power and
authority. As we prayed into the storm
and took authority over it,
there wasn't as much damage as they
were thinking. We didn't have as much
snow as we were expecting.
Maybe
some people got a lot,
but our area, when we got out today,
didn't seem
way bad. Based on what we
could see on the news, it
could have been a lot worse, with
many
more power
outages.
I believe it's because the people were praying. As
big as that storm was and as big as
that event could have been, it
could have been more catastrophic.
So, we give all the glory to Jesus today.
If you're without
power, it's terrible, but I
believe they'll get it on quickly. Let's
pray that they get it on quickly
tonight, that they'll have all the power
up, and that you won't be without your electricity
and
heat.
They'll be able to do a
quick work and get to you
fast.
You'll have favor where
everyone
else doesn't. You'll
have favor because you're a child of the
King. I believe that God's favored you
today and put
goodness and mercy on you, and it's following
you all the days of your life. I stand
on that and we believe it. We're
believing believers who are receivers,
and we're contenders for the glory.
We're contenders for the
end-time
anointing, the
outpouring of finances,
and
whatever God has for us. We will
lack no good thing. I believe that,
so that's what we're going to stand on
tonight. We see the things in the
news from Carney, the Prime
Minister of Canada.
I thought it was interesting because of
the prophetic words the Lord has given
us and the visions we've seen about him
going to China and saying, "Hey, I want
to do business with you."This was
his last major push, from what I saw in the
Spirit, for his country to
pull itself out of this hole. I
saw
Canada going into
a depression and joining up with
America in the days
ahead—not
saying Canada is dissolved, like I keep
hearing President Trump saying '51st
state'and
all this, but a financial
merger.
Their currency
became our currency; that's what I saw. We
still had borders, but
their
currency and Mexico's
currency became one.
This is what I've been praying over
for two years. I
think
some things the Lord shows us
happen
really quickly, like
the storm coming. We saw that back on
November 11th, and we've been
praying over it. We saw it on October
29th, and then we saw it again—was
it in
July?
He's been talking to us about this
for seven months.
He talked about October and
November, too.
So, we've had these cues to
pray
over the weather and this storm.
I believe we prayed
over it and saw results. When
we see Canada and Mexico joining
up with the United States to
have a currency, it's when I saw
them trying to come against the
dollar and the BRICS in the days ahead
to bring a stronger
currency system.
We keep praying into that.
All I know is it's all leading up to
the Mark of the Beast and
the
One World Order. What will
be the lynchpin for the One World
Order and the one-world currency?
I believe truly—and this is just
Braden
and me thinking, I can't speak
for Diana, though I know she agrees
with
everything—the
Rapture of the Church
could be the
lynchpin.
The
total meltdown of society will happen when
hundreds of millions, if not a billion,
believers are
taken out of here
in
the Rapture of the Church. Now, there
are
a lot of people who don't believe that, but
I'm trying to say: what is the
lynchpin
that pushes this over?
War, rumors of war, plague. The plague
that I've seen coming in 2020, 2028,
the spring and fall of 2027,
going into 2028, is when I've seen a
great shaking coming. Now, some
people say that's too early, Brandon. I
believe that it's further down the road.
I believe we're going to see an economic
crisis
before we see the plague.
This is what I saw when I was praying:
the financial
and
economic situation and the
plague go hand in hand. They ride
together.
They're like twins.
Famine and plague ride together.
And so,
you know, that's just me looking
into it. I don't want to add to or
take away from anything. It's just me
trying to figure it out with my natural
mind and say, "Listen, Lord, how close
are you to your coming? How close are we?"There
are
a lot of people
who
believe He could come back in the next
five minutes. I believe no man knows
the day or the hour; that's what the
Bible says. But we can see the signs of
the times looking all around us.
We see Iran
and all the uprisings and the regime
change that I believe is about to
happen in Cuba, Mexico, and
so
on, as part of this
end-time
move. Here we see some
people are saying, "Is this the ten kings
rising up in Gaza with the
president and Jared Kushner
running this, and the new
Gaza Strip and all the beauty of the
buildings that they're
promising?"And
they have oil derricks, and they put that
off to the side, a little bit over here.
I thought that was interesting. The
beautiful landscape I told you
looked like Miami; that's what I saw in
the spirit. And the Lord said, "But I
saw oil, oil, oil and gas, gas,
gas."I
said there was so much money, billions
of dollars in the
Mediterranean, outside of Gaza.
I saw so much money down in there. It
was a pocket of oil that was one of the
largest reserves in the world.
And the Lord said, "I put that there
strategically for my people.
It's been there and
they're about to tap into
it."Well,
maybe they've tapped into a little bit
of it, but I believe that God is
able to replenish and
bring it in. It could not
have been there and all of a sudden,
He's like, "You know what?"And the oil
goes, and you go, "How in the
world?"It's
only God.
That's why I believe we're so close.
We're about to see something major. As
we pray, keep praying into 2026 as this
valley of decision where President
Trump is at right now. Just like the
Lord told us back
at the first of January, He said he's
going to go through
the valley of decision. His
decisions are going to fork off, and
he'll either go this way or he'll go
that way. But it's up to the church
to pray him through this
so
that he makes the right decisions. The
Bible
says, "Choose life."Life and death are
in the power of...
choose
life. I don't
know if I'm quoting that scripture right
again, but He's talking about
choosing life. It's your choice. Choose
the direction
of what I want you to have. Choose life.
It's a choice. So we pray for
President Trump to make the right
choice.
It's so important. You
don't realize how much authority you
have as a believing believer. That's the
problem. A lot of the church doesn't
realize that when Christ sat down, we
sat down with Him. As He is, so are
we in this world. Ephesians is
alive,
and it's alive in me. The more you
read it, the more it's going to renew
your mind, and the more you're going to
get the Word inside of you and it will
change you from the inside out. When you
become God-inspired,
God-thinking—as
He is, so are we in this
world—you
have to be a believing believer
who
receives it by reading this Bible and
getting it down in your heart. Faith
cometh by hearing, and hearing by the
Word of God. The only way you're
going to change, ladies and gentlemen,
is by getting this Word down inside of
your heart.
You can read it and just glance
over it, but it's when you meditate on
it, when you get it down inside of
you, that the
entrance of the Word brings forth light.
The Word will change you and
bring
forth light. That's what I'm trying
to tell you all tonight. You must get
this Word down inside of you for just
what we read: the fervent,
effectual prayer.
What does it mean to be fervent? To
be fervent means to probably be like a
bulldog on a bone—one
who is
passionate about prayer.
We probably could look up the definition
of it, Diana, but I just
visualize what the Lord is
saying. The fervent, effectual prayer of
the righteous. When you are
just dogmatic—I am going to get it, we're
going to believe God—having displayed a
passion of intensity.
Thank you, Braden and Diana,
my two helpers.
"Having or
displaying a passionate
intensity."So,
just being intense.
That's what we are; we're intense. I
want to be
all in for Jesus,
being sold out. I want to be filled
with and controlled by the Holy Spirit so that
when people see me, they say, "He's
intense."I
like that. He's intense; he's
passionate. He's not just somebody who
says,
"Oh well, whatever will be,
will be."I believe that
we're the people who say, "No, we can
change things through faith. We can
speak to our mountain, 'Be thou
removed, be thou cast into the sea,'and we
shall not doubt in our hearts. We shall have
whatsoever things we say."Mark
11:24,
we're going to speak to the mountain.
This is the mountain of where we are
right now. We have President Trump and
he has counsel. We need to pray for
godly counsel around him to make godly
decisions concerning Greenland,
Iran, Cuba,
Mexico—all
these things
where he could put his influence,
being from the
strongest nation in the world, being
able to influence and bring forth the
end-time
harvest. Where could we, as
believing believers, help influence by
praying over him to have good, godly
counsel?
Not having evil people speaking into his
life who say, "Well, we want to go this
way,"when
it's not the plan of the Lord.
The plan of the Lord is to bring all
that is lost to be saved. He wills that no one should
perish, but all come to repentance. But
everybody has to have ears to hear, plus
they have to have a way to hear it.
If you have a dictator over an area and
they say, "Well, we don't want the Bible
coming in here; we don't want
Christianity being
preached."The
Bible says when this Word is preached as
a witness throughout the whole world,
then the end will come. So is that a
restrainer—whenever
you can't hear the
Word? Yes. So what do we do with
the restrainer trying to prevent
bringing
the Word into the
nation? We remove it by faith, by
prayer, by fasting, and by coming
into
agreement through corporate prayer, saying,
"No, we will have a revival in Cuba. We
will have a revival in Brazil,
in Iran, and North Korea."Those people
are being oppressed. They're suppressed
and they can't get out; they have an iron
curtain there. But when we
are believing believers who come
into
agreement, we can move that out of the
way.
That's why we're here. I just
want you to get excited about prayer.
Be that
definition—passionate
intensity.
It's time; we've
got to do it. That's what we're
here for today. I like that. The
prayer of the upright is his delight. So
we have prayers and we are
upright. We are the righteousness of
God in Christ Jesus. Every single one of
us here, we take it by faith.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. He
dwells on the inside of us and we take
this communion and all the things that
we see on the news. Like I
said a thousand times, if
you're praying the news, you're too
late.
We see the news before the news
happens.
We can turn this thing before
the news manifests.
Terrorist attacks,
the Red Dawn experience,
volcanoes. People say, 'Where's the
volcano, Brandon? How come we haven't
seen a volcano?'I want to be real with
you. From what I saw, we see the
beginning stages of something shaking in
the ground outside of Oregon's coast.
Those are warning signs.
It's 6.0.
The ground is shaking in the deep
just like the Lord said it would in the
exact spot the Lord told us it would.
But you say, 'Well, how come it hasn't
happened and nobody's died?'Because
we have
prayers out there.
I believe that's a prayer foil if we
start seeing this stuff happen to the
capacity against our believing brothers
and sisters. I believe a thousand
shall fall at your side, 10,000 at your
right hand, folks. But we know
we're in the end times. We're going to
see some things. We can't stop it all.
But those are the signs I'm
trying to tell you. It's in the
ground. It's happening right
there. How much more do you need to see
other than a catastrophic event killing a
whole bunch of people? And we don't want
that.
It's in the ground. It's in the water.
It's signs. And the Lord said, 'Watch
the fish coming up out of the
water and coming
up on the
shores.'And
this will be a sign that it's about
ready to happen. We're already seeing
precursors of it.
Major earthquakes, major shakings,
major awakenings, wars, and rumors of
wars. We are in the last days.
But I think it's interesting, like a frog
in a pot, the water is getting hotter
and hotter and hotter, and people around
it get so accustomed to what they're
seeing all the time. But if you go back
20 years ago to the early 2000s
and you were to go and look ahead, you
would go, 'Oh my gosh, this is
definitely the end times.'If you were
able to watch a movie and it was panned
out before you, the pandemic that
happened in 2020 and you have all of
these major signs that are happening,
you would automatically say we are in
the last days in 2020. If you were
in 2020 and you were looking at it and
then now you look now, or in 2000 when
we went through 9/11
and all the things, we thought that was
it. Most of the people I remember as a
young man, even in 1999, we thought
Jesus is coming back way before 2000,
but we're still here and we occupy until
he comes.
So we're going to keep
praying and like I said, I just
keep looking up, for I know our
redemption is drawing nigh, folks. But I
know that he said, 'I want a harvest of
souls, Brandon. I don't want that
any
should perish. I want one more push. I
will delay this for one more push. I
want one more harvest for my people to
come to me.
I'm going after—I'm leaving the 99 to
go after the one in the back
field.'So
I thought, okay,
I know there's a great falling away. We
can see it. But there's certain people
that I know: there's grandmas on
here right now, there's grandpas,
there's mamas, there's daddies,
there's
aunts—you're
believing for them, and
you're calling out for the Lord to bring
them in, and you're saying, 'I will have
my unsaved relatives, or my boss, or my
coworker, or whatever.'You're believing
God for that unsaved loved one. And
you're saying, 'Father, when is their
time? When is their time?'Some plant,
some water, and some bring forth the
increase. But I believe, Father, that
you'll bring forth the increase,
that they will not go to hell. They will
not die and go to hell,
and
that you have a plan for their life.
You cry out for them every night. And I
believe those effectual fervent
prayers of the righteous are going to
avail much.
So let's take our communion.
He didn't have a lot of news
today, did
he?
It looks like this right here. They
send underground chatter. They have like
this app and then they're talking about
ICE and like—I don't know, is
that
the rioting and all that?
Yeah. That's the political
theater and the political drama that
I've seen coming. And the Lord said 2026
will be marked as political
theater—a
lot of drama and a lot of protesting
and uprising going clear into July.
There'll be major shakes in
this going into the 250 years.
So it's happening. So what do we do
about it? We pray a diffusing of
rioting.
We pray a diffusing of
uprising and people acting out. Paid
demonstrators
by George
Soros
paying the demonstrators,
people that are very corrupt and evil.
And we pray for President Trump to have
that backbone like a crowbar led by the
spirit of God. You say, 'Well, he has to
be surrendered.'You don't know where
he's at with the Lord.
How would you act
if the pressure of the world,
the pressure of all these nations, the
pressure of the responsibility, knowing
that you're one of the main closers to
lead this thing into the end of
the end, that you have strategic
assignments from the Lord for
you, and you've got all this stuff that's
on you as a man of almost
80-some
years old? This is a
lot. You can already see this. He
has confusion. He's saying Iceland
instead of Greenland. He's saying all
these things. His mind—that devil poking
at his head
so he can't think clear to get the job
done. Then you got bozos in his cabinet
speaking things that are evil and
they have a
reprobate
mind. And the Bible says take no
counsel from the ungodly. So you've got
the reprobate-minded people speaking
to him. So that's why you've got to put
good godly prayer counsel around him to
pray, so it's important. And then we
see his sons and the Lord said we've got to
pray for his sons. I saw even yesterday
when I was praying, I saw again
in 2026 a doubling of their wealth.
A great fountain of physical wealth is
coming to the Trumps.
I saw mega money,
you know, and most people say,
'Well, Brandon, this is what I
saw.'But
I saw it on Eric. I keep seeing Eric's
face before me. And the Lord said, 'I'm
going to bless that man. And there will
be a doubling, and there's
going to be so much extra wealth, money
coming on them.'So I thought in my
lightning-fast
mind, I'm thinking if
it's on him, what's he doing to get it?
If I can be a shadow and learn, teach
me. I want to learn. So if I can just do
it through social media and try to
follow what they're doing, I want to
learn. But this is all in my opinion of
what the Lord has told me.
And it's not financial advice. I'm not a
financial adviser. I have to always say
that. But I believe I'm
personally right to believe it, that you
can watch them and I believe the
blessing's on them. You say, 'Well, I
don't believe it.'Well, then that is on
you. But I'm not telling you to
follow it and to do what they do. That's
just what I'm doing. I'm just watching.
I'm just thinking, 'Hm,'because this is
what I keep seeing in visions to pray
over these men. So you say, 'Well, I
don't believe it.'That's on you then. I
don't care. I'm not telling you to do
it. It's my opinion.
And praying
over the pink currency. Praying over
this. I keep seeing the pink currency
when I'm praying. I heard it again last
night. In fact, I was looking to think
something happened last night about the
pink currency and people sent me
pictures with President Trump sitting
with his MAGA hat on. He was sitting
behind a desk and he had a currency note
and some others and it looked like that
currency that I've been praying over.
And I said, "Well, I'll be, you know,
why was that there?"And some man was
talking to him and I thought, "That's
kind of interesting."But I just keep
praying over the pink currency. You say,
"What's the pink currency?"I'm not a
financial advisor. You pray about what
pink currency is.
So, you know, I believe with all my
heart that we're on the right path,
going the right direction, and we're
going to keep going the right direction
because the Holy Spirit is leading us,
and he is telling us what to do.
And as for me in my house, we're going
to serve the Lord, and we're going to do
the best we can.
You may kind of stumble a little
bit along the way, but I'm going to get
back up, brush my knees off, and keep
running unto him. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, that you have patience
for me. He's had patience in the past.
It seemed like, man, I can't
believe he's even put up with me
anymore. He's up there saying, "Brandon,
you got what it takes. Come on, keep
going. You got this."And so if he's
saying that to me, he's saying that to
you. I'm nothing special. I'm just a kid
that said, "Okay, I'll do
it."Same
with you. If you just be willing
and obedient, you'll eat the good of the
land. That's what he said. Be willing
and obedient. What are you willing to
do? Whatever he asks you to do, and then
you're obedient to what he asks you to
do. And you sow where he tells you to
sow
and you give to where he tells you
to give. Good measure, pressed down,
shaken together, will be running over
that
men give unto your bosom. But if
you give a thimbleful, you'll reap back
thimblefuls.
If you give an overflow, a
bountiful amount, you'll get back
dump truck fools. With the measure that
you give, you'll get back.
There's scripture. Where is that?
Do you know what I'm talking about?
So many people don't. It's trying.
It's putting forth the effort in the
natural and applying it with the spirit.
I heard Brother Hagin say,
"For with the same measure that you meet
withal,
it shall be measured to you
again."Luke
6:38.
It says it better in my mind. I've heard
a better translation, I think. But
that's sufficient. They
can look it up on their own.
King James
says,
"Give and it shall be given
you; good measure, pressed down, shaken
together, and running over will be put
in your bosom. For with the same measure
that you use, it will be measured back
to
you."Yep.
So if you give a thimble, you'll
reap
back thimbles. If you give a dump
truck, you'll reap back dump trucks
in
simple terms.
And that's Luke
6:38.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for
your body that was broken for us.
We're so thankful, Father, for all that
you've done for us.
We receive it by faith
that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. And
like what we were hearing Brother
Hagin
preach today, he was talking about
having the healing
of your body, and
the deliverance of what you need starts
from your spirit outward. Renew your
mind to the word of God.
And Father, I thank you for
people like Brother Hagin, that his
teachings and what he taught, the word
of God is still on this earth and we got
it on YouTube. And I'm so thankful that
those tapes, those cassettes,
those things that we had didn't just go
away. That somebody took the time to
upload them, that we could listen to
Brother Hagin even after his
passing of over 20 years.
I'm so thankful, Father. We're so
thankful. We don't exalt a man, but we
love the word of God, Father. And we
thank you for those that teach it. We're
so grateful, Father, for people that
bring forth the good news.
We're so grateful, Father, that you've
chosen us to pray. And Father, we will
pray with the people tonight. And we're
so grateful, Father, for this time of
prayer uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force. Father, I
thank you that you speak through my
vocal cords and think through my mind.
Lord, none of me and all of you. We take
this body in the name of Jesus and we're
healed and whole and well by your
stripes. And we thank you, Lord, Father,
that we're redeemed from the curse of
the law. Galatians says that Christ
has redeemed me from the curse of the
law. And we're healed and whole and well
in the mighty name of Jesus. And we take
this body and that's from colds to
viruses to all of it. And we receive it
by faith. We're not moved by what we
see. We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word of God
says.
Thank you for the blood. Lord, we take
the blood and we make much of the blood
and the blood makes much of us. I thank
you for the blood. We thank you, Lord.
We apply the blood. And we thank you,
Lord, that you said if we confess our
sins, you are faithful and just to
forgive us of our sins and cleanse us of
all unrighteousness. And right now in
the name of Jesus, Father, we confess
all the things we've done wrong. And we
thank you, Lord, that it's washed in
your precious blood. Thank you, Lord,
that you've forgiven us once and for
all. It's done. And Father, we thank
you, Lord. We come up underneath that
mighty hand and we sit at your feet. And
we thank you, Lord, that whatever's on
your heart tonight,
whatever's on your heart tonight, Lord,
we pray it out and we give you all the
glory. We give you all the honor and we
give you all the praise for where we are
in these end times, Father, that we're
the closers and you chose us for such a
time as this. And Father, I'm thankful
that we are the generation
that will not taste death,
that we will see the coming of the Lord
Jesus Christ in our lifetime
and we will be those closers that tell
the good news throughout the whole world,
telling the people that Jesus Christ is
Lord and he's coming back and he has a
plan for their life and that healing
belongs to them, deliverance belongs to
them and Father that you have
made a way for them to live an abundant
life.
And I thank you, Lord, that we are the
kids that believe it.
We're your children. We believe it. And
Father, we thank you, Lord, for
tonight's prayer. And if there's
anything you would want to show me, if
not, we'll just pray. But Lord, we yield
to the prophetic. We yield to the
anointing. I yield to the anointing of
the prophetic. And Father, if there's
anything you want to show me, Father, I
thank you, Lord, that you show us that
which is to come. Holy Spirit, I yield
to the anointing of the prophetic
all over that, Father, that you have a
plan for our life.
And you show us that which is to come.
And I bind witchcraft. I bind the
incantations,
voodoo, whatever it
may be. And I thank you Lord that the
angels of the Lord are surrounding us in
Jesus'name.
Over the finances, over our
house, over us in Jesus'name. And the
blood covers us. Amen. And amen. Thank
you, Lord.
It's just personal. Oh, I dropped
it. It's just personal. You know
what people say? Well, you don't do it
like a priest does it. Well, I'm not
saying you do the way you feel led to do
it, communion or whatever, but I'm going
to tell you I'm into relationship. I'm
not into religion.
I want him. I don't want a priest. I
want Jesus.
I want to know him intimately.
I want to know him and have him sit down
beside me like he does when he comes and
visits. I practice his presence
and I make an atmosphere for him to feel
comfortable in. Keep strife out, keep
love flowing and we let
praise and worship flow and he
comes and visits. We have visitations,
manifestations of the glory.
Well, I don't believe that. I don't care
what you believe. I experience it
and Diana experiences it. Braden,
my little girl.
The atmosphere will change in your home
if you just invite him.
Oh, Jesus, we want you in our house. We
want you to become so real to us. Thank
you, Lord, that you can invade my
car, my room,
or
my living room. Oh, Father, we
make it a place of you being
comfortable. Kick back, relax. Here's a
recliner, here's a glass of
tea—whatever
it takes. I want to make you
feel comfortable in my house today
so that you become real to me.
I don't want religion; I want Jesus.
Religion—people
let you down, but Jesus
will never let you down.
People are hurting in their hearts, but
God, he's an ever-present help in a time
of need. Well, I don't feel that,
Brennan. Keep on keeping on.
I'm not moved by what I see
or
what I feel; I'm moved by what
the word of God says. And he said in his
word, he inhabits the praises of his
people.
I'm moved by what the word says. He said
that he'll never see the righteous
forsaken or his seed begging bread.
He'll always provide for me.
I believe that my God is my provider. I
believe that, Father, the seeds I've
sowed
in the past will come to harvest at
last in the mighty name of
Jesus—some
30, some 60, and some 100-fold.
I believe, Father,
that
you take care of me.
Father, it's not about us; it's
so we decrease that you increase.
Help us to die to ourselves. Father, the
Apostle Paul said, 'I die
daily,'not
just on Sunday, not just on
Wednesday night at church, but to die
daily so that Christ be
glorified in us. Father,
let
people see the light
on our faces. Let people see the
glory of the Lord like Moses, when they
had to put
a cloth around his head because his face
was shining and freaking everybody out.
Father, if you would do it once, you'll
do it again,
Lord.
Shine your glory out
through us, Father. And then, Father,
that we would be the salty ones.
We haven't lost our saltiness.
Father, the love
of God is shed abroad in our hearts by
the Holy Ghost, and people will see
the
love when they see us.
Love is king; love is dominant on us,
Father. And we renew our minds
in
1 Corinthians 13.
Love takes no account of a suffered
wrong.
Love bears up underneath anything and
everything that comes. Love never fails.
When those angels came and they
visited me, I heard them talking and
they said, 'What did he
do?'He
doesn't realize that the most important
thing that he'll be judged
upon when he comes to the Father's
throne is: what did he do with love? How
did he treat his people?
How did you walk in love with the
brethren? How did you walk in love? Did
you sow strife or did you sow love? Love
never fails.
When I heard them talking and I
sat
there and listened to them:
'How did you treat your wife? How did you
treat your kids? How did you treat your
husband?'Father,
I thank you, Lord.
Love never fails.
Now, if you see a
pattern
of family or whatever that you
keep getting in strife with and it takes
you out of love—if it costs you your
peace, it's too expensive. If you
keep getting in strife and it
stirs you up and it keeps strife
going, you know, sometimes you have to
build walls up to keep peace. And you
say, 'Well, where is
that?'Well,
you've got to make sure the people
that are in your inner circle
are there to help bring in the glory.
You've
got to watch who
you're
hanging around,
who you allow to influence you, who's
speaking
into your
life.
Be watchful of this. Look at their
fruit. If they don't have good fruit and
you don't see love and you see strife
and they're always backbiting other
people and talking trash about other
people and they're gossips, watch who
you're listening to and talking
to. Don't allow them to have an inroad
to talk to you all the time. Be watchful
of who you're listening to and who
you're allowing to influence your mind.
'Well, I got my girlfriend on the phone
and we're just hanging out and we're
talking about everything,'but everything
Sister busybody's doing is
talking trash about everybody around
you. Gossip is a killer;
strife is a killer of the glory flow.
'Well, I heard about this, Pastor. Did
you hear about—'I don't care about
it.
These aren't garbage cans.
I don't listen to it. I don't
want to talk to you. I don't want to
hear about what's going on. Now, if
you have somebody that you can vent to
and talk to and listen and bounce things
off of and grow, that's fine; but if it doesn't
become a Holy Ghost conversation
where
iron sharpens
iron so that you can have somebody to
counsel with, it doesn't help. But you don't counsel
with everybody.
I counsel Diana and maybe one other
person. You
don't bring everybody into your circle and
let everyone be involved, because then it's just
gossip. But I say, 'Hey, I'm dealing
with this. I need help.'You find the
people you can trust. You say, 'Hey,
this is what the word of God
says,'and
they always bring scripture to
back it.
Oh, you know, like Sister
Billy—she's
always quick to keep you on track if
you say something.
'Whatsoever things are just, whatsoever
things are pure, whatsoever things are
holy, whatsoever things are of good report,
whatsoever things are lovely—speak on
these things, think on these
things.'If
it doesn't do that and it doesn't
glorify God, we aren't saying it.
Always walk in love towards your
brother. 'Well, they're doing this to me,
they're doing that.'She instantaneously
cuts it off: 'We aren't doing
that. Let's just pray for
them.'And
that's what
Sister Billy always does. I want to tell
you, for somebody that's 80-some years old,
that lady walks in the love of God
more than I've seen anybody ever.
'We're not going to say that.'You know, I'll be griping about something and she'll say, 'We're not going to say that.
Whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever
things are holy—think on these.'This is
what we're going to say out of your mouth.
We're going
to
pray for them. And it shuts
you down real quick, especially when
you're having a bad day.
What does love
say?
Love. And when
you walk in love towards your fellow
brethren, even when they're treating you
like
trash—they
can try to run you down and hurt
you.
They do it to me all the time;
I feel like I'm always just okay,
but learning how to walk on these
landmines through the ministry.
Everybody has a motive and everybody
seems
to want something,
but I say, 'Well, I'm learning, but either
way, I love
you.'Love
never fails. Is
it right? And when you learn from
somebody that's older and you think,
'Okay,
these are the things I'm
learning.'How
do you go from glory to glory?
He's changing you.
Oh, Father,
that just came
right—Paisley's
watching us live. I can hear her singing
the song: 'The love of God shown to the
world.'She's
singing it: 'For
he's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me,
the love of God shown to the world. For
he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. From glory
to glory, he's changing me.'He's changing me, in His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love of God shown to the world. For
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenlies.
His likeness and image to perfect in me.
The love of God shown to the world. From
glory to glory, He's
changing me. Thank You,
Lord, for changing me.
Oh Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're
changing us from glory to glory and the
love of God shown to the world. We thank
You, Lord, that love
is made perfect in our hearts. That we
walk and we come up higher in our
fellowship with You. That we hate what
You hate and we love what You love. That
we push away the things that are
repulsive to You and we embrace the
things that You find holy. Lord,
be holy as You are holy. We come up
higher with the fire and we come up
higher in the glory every single day.
We can't do it on our own, Lord. We do
it all by faith and we receive it by
faith. What was the song today, love,
that I sang after I said that I need
help?
Do you remember what I was singing
earlier, son?
Quickly,
sing it. Yeah, Holy Spirit.
Nobody remembers.
Well, you played it on
your phone just a second ago.
He is Lord.
He is risen from the dead and He is
Lord.
Every knee
shall
bow
and every tongue
confess
that Jesus
Christ
is Lord.
Sing it with me.
He is risen
from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee
shall
bow
and every tongue
confess
that Jesus
Christ
is Lord.
Sing it again,
one more time. He is
Lord.
He is risen
from the dead and He is Lord.
Every knee
will bow,
every tongue
confess
that Jesus
Christ
is Lord.
That's it.
He is Lord.
He has risen from the dead and He is Lord. Every knee will bow and
every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. We love You, Holy Spirit. He
is Lord.
He has risen
from the dead
and He is Lord.
Every
knee
will
bow
and every tongue
confess
that
Jesus
Christ
is Lord.
He
He is risen
from the dead
and He is Lord.
I believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous
the change in one
redeemed through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I
believe in God.
I
believe
in miracles.
I've seen a soul
set free.
Miraculous
the changing
one redeemed
through
Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way
up through the stubborn
sod.
I believe in miracles
for I
believe in God.
I believe in You.
I
love You, Lord.
We worship You
and we praise You.
We bow down before You.
Praise and we adore Thee,
bowing down before Thee. Sing it with
the words.
That
song of praise is singing.
Hallelujah
is ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship
and adore You,
bowing
down before You.
Song of praise is singing.
Hallelujah's
ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship
and adore You,
bowing
down before You.
Songs of praise are singing.
Hallelujah's
ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
We worship and adore You, Father.
We worship
and
adore Thee,
bowing
down before Thee.
Songs of
praises
singing.
Hallelujah
is ringing.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Father, we worship You.
And Father, we just lift up our
president before You.
And we thank You, Lord, that You
have a plan for his life.
And I ask, Father, for a thousand should
fall at his side and 10,000 at his right
hand, but nothing would come nigh him.
I know what I have seen
and I lift them up before You, Father,
in the mighty name of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan, every wicked
open door, we shut it in the name of
Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, that the angels
of the Lord are camped all around and
about him right now in
Jesus'name.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that
You even pricked the hearts of
the
proud.
And I thank You, Lord, right now in the
name of Jesus, his heart is pliable and
soft before You like David,
that even when David messed up, God, he
was quick to repent and fall at Your
feet.
And we ask You, Father, in the mighty
name of Jesus over our leader that You
would prick his heart and humble him
before the mighty hand of God. And we
thank You, Lord, that in due time You
will exalt him. But Father, I thank You,
Lord, right now. We pray over the
decisions he's making for the world
and
the United States of America.
And we thank You, Lord, that he's
led by the Spirit of God.
For those that are the sons of God are
led by the Spirit of God. And Lord, even
if he has a saving knowledge of You, I
thank You You can work with it.
I don't know if he's baptized in the
Holy Ghost, but Father, I ask You to
baptize him in the
Holy Ghost and fire.
In the name of Jesus, I ask You, Father,
for visitations and manifestations of
the glory all around him. That You would
be so tangible. The presence of the Lord
would be so tangible in the Oval Office,
that it would be so tangible as he eats his
dinner and his breakfast or whatever
he's doing that day. I ask You, God,
that the presence of the Lord would
saturate him and surround him on all
sides.
That Father, he would be uninterrupted
and unhindered by any satanic or demonic
force.
That we put a bloodline all around him
in the name of Jesus. That the angels
would protect his children, his
grandchildren, his wife, the vice
president, and You would shake the vice
president in the name of Jesus. And we
call a saving knowledge of the Lord
Jesus Christ over his wife
that she would become radically born
again in the name of Jesus.
Usha. Father, we call Usha born again in
the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord. Some plant, some
water, and some bring forth the
increase. And we call Usha in now in
Jesus'name.
Satan, take your hands off
of it.
We call her born again. We call her
free. We call the eyes of her
understanding to be enlightened in the
name of Jesus. That she would no longer
be Hindu. That she'd be a radical
born-again
Christian. In
Jesus'name,
we call Father a shaking in the
household, a shaking in Jesus'name that
the Lord Jesus Christ would visit them
in the midnight hour and that JD
would become a radically born-again, on
fire, tongue-talking Holy Ghost Christian
in Jesus'name. People say, 'Well, it's
Catholicism.'No,
we're talking about
coming
up higher
in Jesus'name. Father, we thank You, Lord,
controlled by the Holy Ghost
to the higher levels
in
Jesus'name.
We thank You, Lord, that You shake all of
them and You awaken all of them
and that the Holy Spirit would
reign supreme in the White House.
And even the ungodly
counsel, we call them to be
removed in
Jesus'name. Remove
the ungodly
counsel and we put good godly counsel
around them
in Jesus'name. We pray
over all the judges, Father, concerning
these
tariffs and all. We call
breakthrough in this in the name of
Jesus. We call breakthrough in this that
it's no longer hindered by demonic
influence. We call forth in the name of
Jesus this to be settled and done this
week in the name of Jesus. We call
breakthrough and a parting of the Red
Sea concerning the decisions being made
in the Supreme Court. We call for fire
over this situation and that the glory
of the Lord would part the sea
concerning this in
Jesus'name.
No more walls, no more hindrances to our
economy flow in
Jesus'name.
That the wealth of the sinner is laid up
for the righteous.
That we're at the right place at the
right time doing exactly what You've
asked us to do. That the hand of the
Lord is on our behalf.
We thank You, Lord,
and
we give You all the glory,
honor, and praise for it every single
time.
We always acknowledge when you're
there,
and we're quick to give you praise for
everything you've done.
We thank you, Lord. We pray over our
leaders. We pray over the
people of Iran. We say in the name of
Jesus Christ of Nazareth, they will have
a major move of God, a major revival
that will be like a Holy Ghost explosion
across their land. We take authority
over it in Jesus'name. We thank you, Lord,
for a radical shifting and shaking in
Jesus'name
all throughout Iran,
Pakistan,
and
India.
Oh Father, I thank you, Lord.
Afghanistan,
Saudi Arabia,
Iraq—Father,
visit
them, that the glory of the Lord will be
made known all throughout the land.
Ancient discoveries will come up out
of the ground.
Oh Father, we worship you.
We worship you, Father.
Over Europe, over the Vatican, a shaking over
the Olympics.
I see Gavin in
California and an uncovering of
great darkness that is surrounding him.
An uncovering of a great darkness. It
looks like he's taken
himself and put himself into
the
midst of black
molasses all around him, and there
are
layers of it as a ripple. He put
himself in the midst of this darkness.
Now we're going to go to
California.
We're in California and we're
exposing this darkness and uncovering it in
the days ahead.
I
see a case that is being brought up
through the legal system that is very
damning
and
judging.
It's bad for
Gavin and his administration. What he's
had there
is
greater corruption than even Minnesota.
I hear the Lord say
greater corruption will be in the news
than even in Minnesota. I'm about to
deal fully with what's going on in
Minnesota. A lot of people will
see
that there are people you see
and people you don't see.
I see
them squirming around like rats
and
cockroaches. There
are
levels in the public eye
and there are levels below the surface. These
he's about to deal with. It's the pencil
pushers,
not just the people in the public
eye. There's the
celebrity side of politics and
those
behind
closed doors making it happen.
You see the governors, but
it's the people underneath them
he's dealing with in Minnesota. A great
shaking is still going to take place in
Minnesota,
but it's even at a lower level. There's
great corruption.
But now I say I'm going to do the same
thing in California,
and a great shaking will take place and
it will have ripple effects
clear into Seattle
and Portland, Oregon.
There is a shaking in all levels of
blue states
that will become uncovered in the days
ahead
through
2026—a
shaking on a level of political
theater.
There's great corruption in San
Francisco.
This is around the Pelosis.
There's great
corruption in the Pelosis,
and this stems
from Kamala.
This is deep and it has gone very deep.
The root of this is very deep. I'm in it
and I can see it, and it has split out.
The
roots are on the surface like
spider veins
on the top
of the land,
but the very rot of it has gone down for
a long time.
The
taproot,
the Lord said the taproot is very deep.
It's not shallow.
I see that there
are
ties
from San Francisco that go clear
into Asia—very dark ties that go from
Asia to San Francisco. And then I see
the Mexican cartel coming up
through Gavin, and
it's coming up through
California as a
highway
for
transportation to get all this through
Gavin—the
corruption through the cartel,
the finances, and the trafficking.
It
is
corruption clear up to the law
enforcement level.
They're being paid off
to turn a blind eye when they come
across
it.
This is like tip
money—a
thousand here, a thousand there,
hidden
cash
you can't trace. It's not
a
wire; it's not in a bank account. It's
tip money
to
these men with
badges and bulletproof vests. I see
them and they're
there. Some of them look Hispanic;
they're
Americans
and it's bribe money.
Over a course of time,
that's
how they hide
it—it's
cash.
Some of it I see as the
number $50,000
over a course of time.
The
higher the grade of the
officer and the corruption in this, I
see levels of 10,000,
25,000,
50,000, and some even more
in
cash.
They don't want to turn on it
because it's made
them have a better life. It's expensive
in California.
Their kids even
have better clothes on.
They have
better stuff
because of it. They just want
to make a better living,
and
that's how they justify it in their
heart. The Lord says that's
how they justify it: 'Son,
they're just trying to make
it.'But
the corruption over the last
six months because of the pressure
from Trump—this is very key,
write this down
carefully—the
pressure from Trump over the last
six months, even greater on the border,
has caused the corruption to become even
greater for them
to turn a blind eye.
Because of the pressure on
the border
from the Trump
administration, the corruption has
become greater. The Lord says,
'And it's not just there. It's coming up
all the way up through here.'I see
Texas.
The Lord said the
corruption is coming up through El Paso and Nogales. It's a
border town. Am I saying it
right? I'm saying these words. Yeah,
it's Nogales. It's a corrupt town.
It's from the traffickers, and they're
paying them off in
Nogales.
And the Lord says he wants to deal with
this corruption at this level.
He's ticked off because there
are
children
involved—anybody
under 18.
When he cuts this off
in
these cities,
it's cutting off a
stronghold in the
force
and
the departments. These men
have
financial
strongholds.
The Lord said this
will bring freedom for my
people
from
fentanyl
and greater drug paraphernalia. Then it
goes—I see Miami
again. He said,
'Don't touch that.'There's
great trouble.
Now back to Gavin.
He still has the
White House in his eyes.
There's a path for him to
try to get there,
and Booker
is
there. I see him slithering on his belly
across the nation to get there.
He
looks
like a demonic
manifestation.
I see his tongue fork out.
His eyes are slit like a snake, and he's
slithering in a suit, coming across the
nation trying to get to the White House.
He has a forked tongue.
Gavin,
bless you.
Schumer, with his
health—I
hear
his days are numbered.
I'm going to clean your house,
I'm going to clean your Senate,
and there'll be a shaking in your nation
from the corruption that has rotten
within.
Pray for your president,
for I want to use him
concerning this. This is about
the pride of his heart. Do you
understand?
It's this fork in the road.
What choice will he make?
This is how important
it is right now. If he goes
down this path, it's over. If he goes
down the other, there's great
provision. It's the fork in
the road, the valley of decision.
Am I making it clear?
I'm seeing it so
clear. I can see it, but I'm trying to
relay what I'm seeing.
He's about to make the decision.
The fork is right
here, and President Trump's right there.
He has not fully made the decision,
but it's
make-or-break
time. Either his
presidency will be done,
or there's more to come
and
he will be sustained all the way. But
this is the
valley of
decision. What he does right now is
a
very important timeframe concerning the
make-or-break
of his
presidency—either
doing it God's way and doing it
with the Holy Ghost, or doing it the
way he thinks most.
He said, 'There's a way that seems right
unto a man.'That's a scripture the Lord
just gave: 'There's
a way that seems right to a
man, but its end is the way of
death.'Proverbs
14:12. Please read it out loud. This is the scripture that is for President Trump: 'There is
a way that seems right to a man, but its end is the way of death.'Proverbs 14:12.
That's what the Lord says
concerning President Trump.
Looking for an uprising and a regime
change in China. A shaking, for there
is a dividing that is coming by
my spirit that is shaking the land of
China. I see the generals because they
want to take Taiwan and the others
don't, and they're upset with Xi
Jinping, and
they want him gone.
I see an uprising in China
trying to have a regime change.
They're upset; some want to take Taiwan
and some don't.
But it causes great confusion in their
camp, so that the underground church will
have a major revival because there's
great turmoil in their government.
This is by my hand,
shaking the land
of China,
and it will have a trickle effect
throughout all of
Asia.
They will say, 'We believe this day
will
come.'I
hear the underground churches
say, 'We believed this day would
come.'I'm
bringing liberation for my
people, a shaking to awaken even in the
nation, and a pulling down
of that curtain. I give you a window.
We praise and we adore you,
bowing
down
before you.
It's interesting because that
anointing starts to lift.
We can sing, and that's what brought
it
here the first time. I could
feel it lifting. I said,
'No, it's not
time.'We
got to
give praise to Jesus
for a little bit. Praise break!
Our songs of
praise are singing,
'Hallelujah'ringing.
Hallelujah,
Amen.
We
worship
and
adore
you,
bowing
down
before
you.
Song
of
praises singing,
'Hallelujah'ringing.
Hallelujah,
Amen.
He said, 'I've dealt with the
church concerning corruption in it. All
throughout 2025, I gave you great
warning to come up and thrive. But a
great shaking is coming to churches in
California, in Texas,
and across your nation
because I've warned
out of mercy for you to change
and repent.
But now you'll see First Corinthians 5:5
come to its fullest potential
of that manifestation in your churches.
For judgment begins in
my house first.
The church
I told, upon a rock I will build my
church and the gates of hell will not
prevail against it.
But you've allowed the enemy to come in
by the decisions you have made.
And I'm bringing a stern and
very swift correction,
for I'm out of time.
I'm not out of
mercy; I'm out of time.
So don't be alarmed when you see the
things you're about to see
on
your media.
For I'm cleaning house,
I'm removing, and I'm bringing forth
new.
And this will be across your nation,
across the world, not just about
America. There's great corruption in
my church in America.
You've made it a den
of thieves.'He's
talking about Jesus's
words:
'My house shall be called a
house of prayer, but you have made it a
den of
thieves.'Matthew
21:13.
That's the scripture he used.
He said,
'Uptick, uptick,
uptick.'A
new fresh anointing
is coming on my ones that are pure
before
me—the
remnant
that didn't let the defiled thing
come in.
There'll
be many of you shocked about who you're
about to see.
It's going to shake
California and these
places. There is great corruption in
these churches:
financial corruption, sexual corruption.
We pray for them; we don't gossip. When
you see it, don't gossip about
it, running them down
with your mouth.
Pray for them. They're your
brothers and sisters. They just
made a wrong turn just like
you could.
I
mean, I ain't judging them.
When you see it on the news
or
on YouTube,
just say, 'Hey, we pray
for
them.'Don't
touch it with your mouth. Oh,
Father, we just pray for them. God, I
ask you to help restore them. Bring them
back to your heart. Oh, Father, I thank
you that in this shaking of
First
Corinthians 5:5, you're going to
restore the church in a greater
capacity to flow with a greater sense of
the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Sister Blabbermouth.
That's what Ken thinks. Sister
Blabbermouth calls up and says,
"Did you see
that?"Let's
just pray for them.
It's very serious
because we want to flow with the
anointing and come up higher in the
glory. You're about to see a lot of
people that you put on a pedestal and
didn't pray for enough,
and they got big heads. They got in the
wrong way. The Lord said, "I
warn."We're
going to pray for
them.
I saw that
it
should have happened a long
time ago. Maybe that's so, but
it's not for you to say.
"Don't touch
it,"is
what I hear the Lord say. "Don't
touch it
with your
mouth."Pray
for him.
It's a long time coming. Who are
you to say? Be still. You just better be
glad it's not focused on you. Your
time's coming. That magnifying
glass over here—when you have
his gaze
and he's looking to clean you up
or you had your platform and that gaze
is now taken on it, it's a
bad time. I want him looking at me,
examining me with that magnifying glass.
Brandon, you got
to fix this.
He who is
without sin cast the first
stone. I'm not going
to
be the one throwing rocks. We
just pray for them. That's why I
don't bring people up on my channel and
start busting on them. I try to keep on
it and say, "Listen, let's just
keep going."We love on
people, including President
Trump. Love
never fails.
Okay, back in the flow.
I saw a lot right there.
I was seeing faces and names.
The Lord said, "Don't
you say a thing."I saw it and I'll
tell you later, but it's not for
anybody
else. This is what the Lord said.
It's heavy.
It's going to hurt a lot of people.
A lot of congregations are going to be
hurt. I
saw
the aftermath of it. And there
are
a lot of people that turn and
backslide because of this.
This is heavy. There
are
levels of this vision. I
saw
the people, and then I went
down and I could see the people
that are
affected—the
people whose hearts
trusted. They went to these
congregations, went to church,
and
worshiped there. When these things
are exposed, it hurts people that are
babies. It hurts the
babies. The babies don't go back to
church. They say, "Well, if they're
that way, I—"and then they go
off on their own road because
they were babies and it wounds
them.
It's very serious.
That's why to much is given, much is
required.
Oh, Father,
we pray for those babies right now in
the name of Jesus. We pray for the
believers that don't
have a foundation of their own with you,
that they built their relationship
around a man.
Their relationship is on
sand
because they weren't taught
the word of God right; they built
their relationship around a man.
When the man gets hurt, it hurts
their relationship with the Father.
I thank you
that they will not be orphans,
that they will rise up and have a new
shepherd in you. They learn how to
take the relationship they had, where they were
looking
at a man to build a
relationship with you, and they take that
man out and go straight to the
Father. All we need is Jesus. This
is concerning the Catholic Church, too.
The Lord
said—I
just heard that—a great
uncovering of things with Edward
Snowden and the Catholic Church.
He said, "Brandon, this isn't just about
the charismatic. I'm cleaning house all
the way around,
and a shaking will happen even in the
Catholic Church with priests
and cardinals."There's going to
be a great
shaking.
I don't know your levels of
position in the Catholic
Church, but it's in levels.
We thank you, Lord. He warned.
That's
what he just said. "I
warned."How
do I get back
in the flow after
seeing all that?
The sorrow
for
all of these young ones and
all of the babies across the
nations. We pray for
stability in their hearts.
Don't be weary in
well-doing and
don't cast down your confidence.
It's built in Jesus,
the only one, the author and the
finisher of our faith.
Jesus, we love you. We magnify you,
Father. We shouldn't be putting
our eyes on men anyway. We put our eyes
on you. We take our focus off of men.
They can fail us, but Jesus will never
fail us. His love never fails. His
righteousness always prevails.
He is righteous, just, and
holy.
He has one more thing tonight, and it's
concerning something in Europe.
I see this thing going around
the
Germany area.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
He said, "Great
persecution is coming on the Jews again,
but it will drive them back to the
land."Great
anti-Semitism will rise,
and they're going to come back to the
land.
It's a shaking in
Europe—even
greater shaking in Europe.
Run.
I hear the elders. We've had this land
for decades.
They don't want to uproot.
Some of them look very old.
Now I'm in Ukraine.
We call for removing Zelensky right
now in the name of Jesus.
Remove him and put a better leader in there.
Take the corruption out.
How do you even get through all that?
One step at a time.
Don't look at the
whole picture.
I
saw
all this stuff, and I'm
looking at it real close right now.
I see all the corruption
in Ukraine. I'm looking at
the church and all the things
he showed us
tonight.
As
I get up to it, it gets
overwhelming in the prophetic lens.
I said, "How do
you want me to handle this?"because I
could see Zelensky and the money
laundering, the corruption,
the drugs, and the
trafficking of these children coming out
of Ukraine.
He said, "One step at a time with
me.
Walk with
me."It
was so beautiful the way he said it.
I saw Jesus taking your hand
in the vision and walking right with
you.
You're walking
with him in prayer step by step. He's praying with you. You're not alone. It seems so overwhelming, but he said, "You take it one step at a time, prayer-walking with me."You don't worry about the whole thing. I love how caring and how much of a friend he truly is. The beauty of a relationship with the Father—as I could see, whenever you make your footprints in the snow, that's the way it was in prayer. You make your footprint in prayer
with him. It was staying in sync with him. As you prayed, it made an indentation in the spirit realm as you walk with him in prayer. Sister Blabbermouth calls up and says, "Did you see that?"Let's just pray for them. It's very serious because we want to flow with the anointing and come up higher in the glory. You're about to see a lot of people that you put on a pedestal and didn't pray for enough, and they got big heads. They got in the wrong way. The Lord said, "I warn."We're going to pray for them. I saw that it should have happened a long time ago. Maybe that's so, but it's not for you to say. "Don't touch it,"is what I hear the Lord say. "Don't touch it with your mouth."Pray for him. It's a long time coming. Who are you to say? Be still. You just better be glad it's not focused on you. Your time's coming. That magnifying glass over here—when you have his gaze and he's looking to clean you up or you had your platform and that gaze is now taken on it, it's a bad time. I want him looking at me, examining me with that magnifying glass. Brandon, you got to fix this. He who is without sin cast the first stone. I'm not going to be the one throwing rocks. We just pray for them. That's why I don't bring people up on my channel and start busting on them. I try to keep on it and say, "Listen, let's just keep going."We love on people, including President Trump. Love never fails. Okay, back in the flow. I saw a lot right there. I was seeing faces and names. The Lord said, "Don't you say a thing."I saw it and I'll tell you later, but it's not for anybody else. This is what the Lord said. It's heavy. It's going to hurt a lot of people. A lot of congregations are going to be hurt. I saw the aftermath of it. And there are a lot of people that turn and backslide because of this. This is heavy. There are levels of this vision. I saw the people, and then I went down and I could see the people that are affected—the people whose hearts trusted. They went to these congregations, went to church, and worshiped there. When these things are exposed, it hurts people that are babies. It hurts the babies. The babies don't go back to church. They say, "Well, if they're that way, I—"and then they go off on their own road because they were babies and it wounds them. It's very serious. That's why to much is given, much is required. Oh, Father, we pray for those babies right now in the name of Jesus. We pray for the believers that don't have a foundation of their own with you, that they built their relationship around a man. Their relationship is on sand because they weren't taught the word of God right; they built their relationship around a man. When the man gets hurt, it hurts their relationship with the Father. I thank you that they will not be orphans, that they will rise up and have a new shepherd in you. They learn how to take the relationship they had, where they were looking at a man to build a relationship with you, and they take that man out and go straight to the Father. All we need is Jesus. This is concerning the Catholic Church, too. The Lord said—I just heard that—a great uncovering of things with Edward Snowden and the Catholic Church. He said, "Brandon, this isn't just about the charismatic. I'm cleaning house all the way around, and a shaking will happen even in the Catholic Church with priests and cardinals."There's going to be a great shaking. I don't know your levels of position in the Catholic Church, but it's in levels. We thank you, Lord. He warned. That's what he just said. "I warned."How do I get back in the flow after seeing all that? The sorrow for all of these young ones and all of the babies across the nations. We pray for stability in their hearts. Don't be weary in well-doing and don't cast down your confidence. It's built in Jesus, the only one, the author and the finisher of our faith. Jesus, we love you. We magnify you, Father. We shouldn't be putting our eyes on men anyway. We put our eyes on you. We take our focus off of men. They can fail us, but Jesus will never fail us. His love never fails. His righteousness always prevails. He is righteous, just, and holy. He has one more thing tonight, and it's concerning something in Europe. I see this thing going around the Germany area. Oh, Father, we worship you. He said, "Great persecution is coming on the Jews again, but it will drive them back to the land."Great anti-Semitism will rise, and they're going to come back to the land. It's a shaking in Europe—even greater shaking in Europe. Run. I hear the elders. We've had this land for decades. They don't want to uproot. Some of them look very old. Now I'm in Ukraine. We call for removing Zelensky right now in the name of Jesus. Remove him and put a better leader in there. Take the corruption out. How do you even get through all that? One step at a time. Don't look at the whole picture. I saw all this stuff, and I'm looking at it real close right now. I see all the corruption in Ukraine. I'm looking at the church and all the things he showed us tonight. As I get up to it, it gets overwhelming in the prophetic lens. I said, "How do you want me to handle this?"because I could see Zelensky and the money laundering, the corruption, the drugs, and the trafficking of these children coming out of Ukraine. He said, "One step at a time with me. Walk with me."It was so beautiful the way he said it. I saw Jesus taking your hand in the vision and walking right with you. You're walking with him in prayer step by step.
He's praying
with you.
You're not alone.
It seems so overwhelming,
but
he
said, "You take it one step at a time,
prayer-walking
with me."You don't worry about
the whole thing.
I
love
how caring and how much of a friend he
truly is.
The beauty of a relationship with
the
Father—as
I could see, whenever
you make your footprints in the snow,
that's the way it was in prayer. You
make your footprint in prayer
with him.
It was staying in sync with him.
As you prayed, it made
an indentation in
the spirit realm
as you walk with him
in prayer.
Take it one step at a time. It's
not taking the whole picture and biting
the whole thing at once. Just one
step at a time,
and you're walking with him.
When I saw that, it made like glory
steps. You're taking glory steps.
Jesus is our friend,
and in all you say, in word and deed, we
give all to the glory of God
and we stay on that beautiful path with
you.
Walking in the
light
of God. Walking in
the love of God.
It's him, because he is love, and faith
works by love. Walking with light
and love. Faith works by love.
Working and walking in the light. Walking
in love—the flow of the love and the
light.
And this is the closest way.
Receive the Holy Ghost right
now. That's what he said: "Receive the
baptism of the Holy Ghost right
now."Receive
it. Speak in tongues. Pray and
let it go. Let it flow out of your belly
right now in the name of Jesus.
Hold fast.
Many will come.
You're
soaking;
you must come up and
soak.
Now I see
Macron
and I see Macron's face, and it's
turned. Which way is he? He's
looking
toward—no,
no, no.
I see it. Can I say it out loud?
I come against it.
Every plot,
every plan,
every plot of his evil heart.
I call him pliable. Father, change him.
It's easier to pray
for the lady in Italy. I see the
lady in Italy;
it's
easier to push. There
are
these cracks all in the foundation of him that are
so
black they're red, and there's red coming
up that looks like lava. And the Lord
said he's closer to hell than you
realize.
Him Macron is closer to hell
than you realize.
I'm looking into it,
seeing what he's saying. But then I see
him looking toward the lady
in
Italy,
the blonde woman. He's looking
towards her, but her heart is not as
close to hell as
Macron.
This is
something very dark.
Closer to hell than you realize.
I could see it.
I'm looking at the woman in Italy,
but he's looking towards her.
He's looking for allies,
people to
align
with.
It's concerning.
He's upset
about Jared and Gaza
and Trump taking over that.
He doesn't want to give his money toward
that, the billion,
because of pride. He's angry at
Trump. And this is another route
that is concerning Trump's life.
It's jealousy and anger because of
going against the New World Order,
of what he's wanting to do for Europe,
trying to influence before his time's
up, establishing more of a kingdom for
the darkness. He's closer to hell than
you realize.
And this is concerning Germany
and Ukraine and making a greater war.
Carney is talking to him.
Carney and him are becoming friends.
And this is along with the royals
in
England.
When he pulled out of the
WHO,
he said,
"Listen, it's trying to crumble
their infrastructure for their
stronghold for the
Antichrist
stuff."This
is about the plague.
This is about the New World Order. This
is about all the demonic stuff,
the Agenda 2030.
I see the number 2030 and I hear
that's the Agenda 2030, and it's pulling
down. Trump's trying to
be—that's
why we pray for his safety.
This is the road.
The
Lord
is
showing bits and pieces here.
This
concerns
the Olympics.
I see the Agenda 2030.
I see the plague.
It's the Ishmael
before the true Antichrist.
He's
the one
that came before.
He's the forerunner.
I still say it:
Emmanuel
Macron
is the forerunner to
the Antichrist.
He's the paper boy.
I
feel that anointing is starting to
lift off of me, so I know I'm
done.
Isn't that
amazing how it's like a switch? I can
feel it lift off.
When
it starts to lift, you don't
try to do it anymore. It's over.
I appreciate you all coming
tonight. Don't
worry about
my snowy
background;
they know we're not in the snow.
We love you all. Thank you for joining
us again tonight.
The moment it lifts, I stop.
All I can say, Father, is you protect
our president.
We will not have a demonic
Agenda 2030. We hold it back in
Jesus'name
with the blood of the Lamb. And
we'll have the greatest revival across
this land. Our nation will be a
nation that has a great revival.
Australia
will be a nation that has a great
revival.
I love that scripture he gave us: "The
prayer of the upright is his
delight."Proverbs
15:8:
"The sacrifice of the wicked is an
abomination,
hateful and exceedingly
offensive to the Lord, but the prayer of
the upright is his
delight."When
I was looking
into the Olympics,
praying
over
these
next two weeks,
there's so much
purple.
I see colors,
and a lot of times the Lord
will allow me to see
different shades of
purple.
That becomes a lot
more to me of spiritual warfare
concerning the Olympics.
So this week as we enter into Monday,
we'll pray over this next week
for the Olympics. We have one
more week of January and then we go into
February.
The Olympics is not
this Friday, but the next. But the
Lord said to pray over the third.
So we're praying over this
timeframe.
As I was looking into
Macron,
there's so much dark agenda
and I was hearing 2030.
I'm relaying the darkness
that is behind him trying to find allies
to bring forth a digital ID,
the agenda of the devil. This is
the globalist. This is what I would
consider the Illuminati side—a darkness
that is deeper than the darkness of the
cartel bringing up people.